Document new API enhancements (#74)
ing-bank/ingenious-doc: docs/api/importCollections.md

# Import Postman and Bruno Collections

!!! info
    INGenious can import Postman and Bruno collections and automatically convert them into reusable API components. This allows existing API requests to be migrated into INGenious without manually recreating each request.

## Supported Formats

The importer supports:

* Postman Collections (`.postman_collection.json`)
* Bruno Collections (`.bru`)

## Importing a Collection

From the menu bar, select:

```text
Tools → Import Collection → Postman
```

or

```text
Tools → Import Collection → Bruno
```

The Import Wizard guides you through the import process:

1. Select a collection file or folder.
2. Configure the import options.
3. Click **Import**.

INGenious automatically converts the imported requests into reusable API components.

## Converted Content

> The importer automatically converts common request settings, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The importer automatically converts commonly used request settings, including:
```

Author: Addressed

* Request URLs
* Query Parameters
* Headers
* Authentication Settings
* Request Bodies
* Collection Variables
* Common Assertions

Where possible, request validations are preserved and converted into INGenious-compatible assertions.

## Import Results

After the import completes:

* Reusable API components are created within the project.
* An import report is generated containing import details, warnings, and items that may require manual review.

Import reports are stored under:

```text
<project>/api/import-reports/
```

## Best Practice

> Review the generated import report after each import. While most requests are converted automatically, some custom scripts or advanced collection features may require manual adjustment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always review the generated import report after an import completes. While most requests are converted automatically, some custom scripts or advanced collection features may require manual adjustment.
```

Author: Addressed
